GNO/Termcap 1.0d02
------------------

what's new?

I changed the way global variables were defined in the library, it now works
much more nicely and is now Orca/C sane... If you ever had duplicate labels,
they'll be gone now.

The previous worms and rain exhibited a problem with dropped characters all
over the screen. This is not a termcap bug, but a long-standing bug in the
the GNO console driver. It has to do with restoring the character under the
cursor when performing screen operations. I added code to worms and rain to
turn off the cursor at the start, this removes the dropped character problem,
speeds up the output, and cleans up the screen so you don't see flickers of
the cursor flying all over the place.

I'm going to include the bsd termcap testing suite with this distribution,
but only the source. They're trivially to compile, but they're helpful
if you want to create new termcap entries. Speaking of which, let me know
what entries you want included standard with GNO/Termcap.

I've added a termcap.h header file. Unix doesn't use any header files for
termcap, but I've included one since Orca/C likes functions to be proto-
typed. Since the header is non-standard, copy it to <gno/termcap.h>.

GNO/Termcap 1.0d01
------------------

This is an early version GNO/Termcap. All features have not been tested,
but it does work with the gno terminal capability. Please try this with
others such as vt100, vt220, etc..

If you find bugs, and you know it's a termcap bug, please let me know
and explain what capability was interpreted incorrectly. Send me the
termcap and a segment of code that caused the problem. Normal stdio
bugs aren't my problem, but I'll try and help you with them.

If you port any cool programs, please let me know! I want to see termcap
in action -- besides worms and rain :)

INSTALLATION
------------

copy ltermcap to your libraries directory 2/. ltermcap needs to come before
syslib, so use ProSel or similar to reorder the directory.

termcap uses soon to come GNO 1.1 features, so add a definition for prefix
31 in your gshrc file. 31/ should be the location of kern.

create a directory etc/ in the directory that cantains GNO, ie. 'kern'. This
is the same as the prefix 31/ above, therefore you've created 31/etc.

copy the termcap file into 31/etc. termcap may be edited to add additional
termincal capability definitions.

edit gshrc and add 'set term=gno' for normal usage. If you log onto gno
over a terminal using a different terminal emulation, set $term appropriately.

CHANGES and WEIRDNESS
---------------------

the definition of $TERMCAP variable is changed slightly. It may only contain
a path, no definitions. If this poses a problem, let me know.

tc=xxx entries are not allowed in this implemention. This will be coming
in future.

WARNING: Orca converts ALL LFs to CRs. So, getting the Cursor-Down capability
and printf'ing it will result in the cursor moving to the beginning of the
line (ie. the line feed became a carriage return). A temporary solution is
to use WriteCString and WriteChar from Orca. Be sure to #include <texttools.h>.

Add a call to _INITGNOSTDIO() at the start of program to make sure it's
GNO friendly! This shouldn't cause problems if it's not used, but it will
certainly improve its speed.

Other than above, GNO/Termcap behaves just like Unix termcap, if something
seems wrong with GNO/Termcap, please let me know.

THE END
-------

-Tim
